Updates Get Involved Page (#299)
tomeshnet/tomesh.net: get-involved.md

If you'd like to contribute to our working groups, check out https://link.tomesh.net/wg for more information.

```
How would you like to get involved? For example, is there a particular working group you are interested in joining?

...
How did you find out about Toronto Mesh?

...
Do you already know someone at Toronto Mesh? If so, let us know who they are!

...
Would you like to maintain a Toronto Community Network node? Let us know and we'll get back to you with more information.

...
Do you have any other questions for us?

...
Preferred name:
Other contact information (e.g. Signal, Matrix):
```
<br />

## Chat

Say hi on our chat {% include icon-matrix.html %}
- Create an account and join [our Matrix chat](https://chat.tomesh.net/#/room/#tomesh:tomesh.net)
- Alternatively, if you are using the [Element mobile or desktop app](https://element.io/), select _Create Account_, select _Other_ as the homeserver, and enter `https://matrix.tomesh.net` as the homeserver URL. If you already have an account select _Sign In_, select _Change_ and enter our homeserver URL above.

> - You can also join our chat through a{% include icon-slack.html %} if you really love Slack, note that private messaging only currently works between other Slack users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can also join our chat through {% include icon-slack.html %} if you really love Slack. Note that the Matrix-Slack bridge only supports basic features.
```

Author: This will read as "You can also join our chat through bridged Slack workspace".  "our bridged Slack workspace" is perhaps better?  Either way we shouldn't straight up remove the "a" without replacing it or rewording icon-slack.html

Rest of this is good, will merge when fixed.

Reviewer: I'm lost do what you need

Author: You removed the "a" before the slack include.  Change it to "our" or leave it as is.

EDIT: Actually I'll commit and fix.  Thanks for the better wording for the rest of it!
